[EuiProvider] Add `globalStyles` prop for customization (#5497)
elastic/eui: src-docs/src/views/provider/provider.md

It is not recommended to recreate the functionality of **EuiProvider** by composing its constituent parts. More context, functionality, and configurations will be added to **EuiProvider** in future releases. Nested instances of [**EuiThemeProvider**](/#/theming/theme-provider), however, are valid.

## Global styles

> A reset stylesheet and the global EUI styles are applied via Emotion. To prevent loading these styles from loading, pass `globalStyles={false}` to the provider. If you are using the legacy theme, we recommend passing `theme={null}` to achieve similar results.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The provider includes general reset and global styles, applied via Emotion. These only need to be applied **once** so to prevent these styles from loading in nested instances of the provider, pass `globalStyles={false}`.
```

Reviewer: We also really need to move this doc to real docs example page so that we can change the provider setup example based on the currently selected theme. I don't think anyone will catch that sentence you added.

Author: Converted the docs and made the code blocks update based on the docs theme selections.
